this is something interesting here what
I had an adventure courtesy of the North
Brooklyn Boat Club did you know there's
a North Brooklyn Boca okay well there is
and we took a canoe into the Newtown
Creek which runs between Brooklyn and
Queens and to make it even more
interesting we invited a friend someone
who loves New York and is an expert on
The Life Aquatic two barbed wire
oh hey is this the place yeah this is
the boy nice this is my summer place
should we check it out let you strap
your guts on I'm ready mr. Vail let's do
it you need one of these folks okay
[Music]
hi guys are you
welcome to Greenpoint what's happening
over here this is recycling in action
it's coming out I knew there'd be
natural beauty I didn't know there'd be
so much artificial beauty also somewhat
throughout one of the recycling bins
wow that's the circle of life when the
recycling bin gets recycled what's the
name of this this waterway thanks for
asking so this is the Newtown Creek it's
a natural water body it forms the border
between Brooklyn and Queens so that's
[Laughter]
[Music]
that is Queens on your left Brooklyn on
the right hey can you give us a push
we're picking up speed
ah Oh screw the boat with a motor really
like we care he's got a flag he's got a
horn she's probably got some blow he's
fine they're doing a great job the creek
is always served as it kind of like an
alley a service corridor for the city
this is like where you would do a
Craigslist murder you know now everybody
paddle you can see these gasoline tanks
on the right yeah Newtown Creek has
always been a center of oil production
on the left all this stuff here is for
though it's called the Buckeye pipeline
and it's a major national fuel pipeline
this is a spur that goes to LaGuardia
airports there's like jet fuel going
under the the creek here and that's good
for the fish right oh it's excellent
just coming into view now those are the
digester eggs of our state-of-the-art
wastewater treatment facility how much
rain does it take to overflow the source
that is a great question thank you for
asking it varies but it can be as little
as a tenth of an inch so tenth of an
inch yeah yeah we got to get that number
up I know people that sweat that much if
New Yorkers want to help they can avoid
flushing their toilets when it's raining
really yeah it makes a difference Wow I
would like to be the face of that
campaign we
love it hey folks it's Jimmy Kimmel
reminding you that when it starts to
sprinkle don't flush your tinkle
[Music]
do you get to get snacks I think some
snacks floating y-yeah all this garbage
making me hungry yeah I could see why
you'd get hungry looking at all this
garbage we're gonna sort of bear left
and cross the creek to the queenside
we're bearing left and crossing the
creek to the queenside everybody bearing
after crossing Creek get to the
queenside everybody pass it forward
yes paddle paddle I feel like we've now
entered like the nice neighborhood just
wait till you get up a little farther
ahead there's rose bushes and then
definitely mimosa trees do you see a
little bit more most of the tree are you
making the motion yeah you know what
I get in thirsty you guys want a drink
look what I have here oh oh that's hot
water is it there's just something to
keep my mouth I have tequila Rosa Nestor
kita mimosa gracias I always have
tequila in case of emergency that's a
good mimosa oh it is it's the best Rosa
is it unlimited with brunch mm-hmm
I'm not sure that I tasted it correctly
the first yeah no it is all yours every
time we see something especially filthy
we'll have a total hmm gracias Carol it
tastes a little bit like your mustache
mm-hmm
you know the first one to see that
scary you know there are two kinds of
people in life gamal there are paddlers
and there are passengers yeah yes which
one if you are right now paddling is
hard you mean you spend a lot of time
together in the store buddies so we
bring weekly bird-watching trips back
here Michael and I it's you guys single
no no we both have wives that's a
surprise ahead on that boom that white
form at 12 o'clock is an Egret can we
feed the in-group fish and crustaceans
we might be some ducks and geese back
there oh there you hear it hear it
chunks of brass do you think the bread
is not that good maybe that allergic to
good beautifully yeah maybe the birds
are very free that's a good point I only
made good point Jimmy that seems like a
bad sign
what bubbling isn't coming from the
earth oh wow there's a pipe underneath
this oh this is a pipe it's just adding
air into the creek to increase the
dissolved oxygen levels listen this is
just redoing an aquarium base the
problem is that the sediments are
polluted so we're a little concerned
that they're introducing some of that
stuff and we're breathing in it you see
I never take you anywhere fun day oh
yeah yeah is there any way you can take
a picture of that and put some like nice
music over that like white bird by it's
a beautiful day oh yeah
[Music]
now we're in the East River yes no The
Situation's a little bit dodgy well it
is beautiful there we were a minute ago
we were paddling amongst the recycling
and the seepage and now we now we're out
here at the city that never sleeps
[Laughter]
seemed like it was gonna be the most
disgusting place of the city and it
turned out to be kind of lovely if you
dive into the ugly eventually it gets
pretty that's what I used to tell the
girls in high school and it never work
never won thank you for coming on this
trip with us oh thank you so much and
thank you for for my for this I guess
thanks so much yeah
thank you for bit akela here oh yeah and
thanks to you guys for working to clean
this area up cheers thanks for coming
out to the East River to the East River
all right let's get off this water I'm
going to throw up
I am Jimmy Kimmel click below to
subscribe to our YouTube channel or if
you want to be that way about it though